Update the Notification documentation to introduce the placeholder keywords. (#1951)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/notifications/what-do-you-get/_index.en.md

---
title: What do you get?
description: "Service owners and internal Altinn systems can send customized notifications to individuals in a personal
or professional capacity through roles they hold within an organization.
The recipient's name and contact details do not need to be known upfront, as the Altinn Notifications API can retrieve
this information from national registries using the national identity number or organization number."
weight: 20
---

## Main Benefits
**Altinn Notifications** provides a robust and reliable service for communicating with end users across multiple channels. Key benefits include:
1. **Name Lookup**: Retrieve current names from national registries.
2. **Contact Details Lookup**: Retrieve current contact information from national registries.

> 3. **Role-Based Recipient Identification**: Use Altinn roles to identify the correct recipients within an organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Authorization-Based Recipient Identification**: Use Altinn authorization to identify the correct recipients within an organization.
```

> 4. **Conditional Notifications**: Enable notifications that depend on specific conditions, such as the state of external resources or actions performed on Altinn App instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Conditional Notifications**: Enable notifications that depend on the result of a condition check. NOTE: Notifications will request condition result from external system.
```

- **Format**: Mobile numbers must include the country code, preferably with a "+" or "00" (e.g., +47900XXXXX, 0047900XXXXX).
- **Restrictions**: SMS notifications to 5-digit numbers are not supported.
- **Norwegian Numbers**: Must begin with "4" or "9" after the country code "+47."
  - Valid: +47400XXXXX, +47900XXXXX, 0047400XXXXX, 0047900XXXXX.
  - Invalid: +47500XXXXX, +47600XXXXX, 0047500XXXXX, 0047600XXXXX.
- **International Numbers**: Supported, as long as they include a valid country code.

## Email Notifications

Altinn Email notifications provide the capability to send plain text or HTML content directly to users’ inboxes.

### Content Types

- **Supported Formats**: Both plain text and HTML formats are supported.

### Recipient Restrictions

- **Single Recipient**: Each email notification is sent to one recipient.
- **Attachments**: Currently, email notifications do not support attachments.

## Recipient Lookup

Altinn offers recipient lookup functionality to determine names, contact details, and reservation status using a national identity number or organization number.

- **Timing**: Lookup occurs during order placement and again at the scheduled send time.

> - **Responsibility**: It is the sender's responsibility to check the send status. Lookup results are provided in the order response and detailed in post-sending notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Responsibility**: It is the sender's responsibility to check the send status. Lookup results are provided in the order response and detailed in the finished notifications.
```
